\hspace*{2em}\textit{Cis}-regulatory elements (CREs) are regions of non-coding DNA lying on the same chromosome as a gene. Unlike coding genomic DNA specifying the sequence of mRNAs and functional RNAs that are translated into proteins, CREs bind transcription factors (TFs) which are encoded by \textit{trans}-regulatory sequences and/or other regulatory modules to activate or sustain gene transcription. Promoters and enhancers are two types of CREs that well understood, providing sites for TFs to bind and establish the appropriate levels and spatial and temporal expression patterns of coding genes. Most eukaryotic genes contain a single promoter sequence TATA-box located near transcription start sites (TSSs), providing binding sites for widely used and highly conserved transcriptional regulators. Unlike the conserved pattern of promoters, enhancers as another type of CRE are often thought to be responsible for \textit{Cis}-regulatory divergence \cite{Wittkopp2012}. Gene expression is often regulated by multiple enhancers, each of which only controls expression in a limited range of tissues or during a paticular developmental period. So enhancers are believed to be core components of regulatory machine, such that the human genome contains hundreds of thousands of enhancers which can increase the transcription of genes\cite{Pennacchio2013}. Antagonist of promoters or enhancers, when bound to its transcripton factors will prevent or repress the transcription of a gene.Therefore, its crucial to investigate the CREs of a gene to understand its regulatory network. Short fragments of DNA sequence at specific positions among CRES are known as motifs providing binding sites for TFs. For example, consensus DNA sites were reported for Hox proteins binding in \textit{Drosophila melanogaster} with different affinity,contributing to selective functions of Hox protein \cite{Pellerin1994}. Other motifs may also lie in the conserved non-coding region far away from gene, controlling a unique subset of gene's expression. So it is still challenging to identify these motifs genome-wide in some organisms. During recent years, techniques like CAGE, RAMPAGE provided us insight in TSS profiles of various genomes. Combining the promoter landscape genome-wide with statistical model based on machine learning algorithms, we are able to search the non-coding region of genomes for recurring motifs. However, motif finding is still challenging in higher organisms and a lot of redundant motifs without much biological significance are produced. Our work therefore aimed to devise a simple work flow combining statistical methods to improve the sensitivity and accuracy of motif finding. 

